I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Dressing Up!
Peppa and George are playing in
Mummy and Daddy's bedroom.
What's this?
Peppa has found a box of old clothes.
Wow! This is Daddy's hat.
And this is Mummy's dress.
George! Let's dress up and
pretend to be Mummy and Daddy.
Here is Daddy's hat.
And here is Daddy's coat.
Hello, Daddy Pig.
Now it's my turn.
This is Mummy's dress.
This is Mummy's hat.
Daddy Pig! Where are your shoes?
I need some shoes, too.
Now I need to look beautiful,
just like Mummy.
Peppa has found Mummy's make-up box.
Aha!
First, some powder. Lovely!
Now for some lipstick.
What a pretty Mummy Pig!
Come along, Daddy Pig.
It's time to go to Work.
Mummy is Working
on her computer.
Hello, Peppa.
Hello, George.
I beg your pardon?
Peppa, I Was just saying ''hello''.
I'm not Peppa Pig.
I'm Mummy Pig.
Oh, yes! Of course. Hello,
Mummy Pig.
Hello, and this is Daddy Pig.
George!
And hello to you, too, Daddy Pig.
Excuse me;
I've got a lot of Work to do!
Hello? Yes, do this, do that.
No, thank you, goodbye.
Peppa is enjoying
pretending to be Mummy Pig.
But George is getting a bit bored.
Sorry, Daddy Pig, I'm nearly
finished. There! All done!
Come on, Daddy Pig, it's time
you did some Work.
Goodbye, Mummy Pig
and Daddy Pig.
Goodbye.
Daddy Pig is digging in the garden.
Hello, Peppa.
Hello, George.
I'm not Peppa! I'm Mummy Pig
and this is Daddy Pig!
Daddy pig is here to do some Work.
That's very kind of you,
Daddy Pig.
Now, be careful,
it's a very deep hole.
I do hope you are not digging
in your best clothes, Daddy Pig.
I Want to make big snorts, too.
lce cream, everyone.
lce cream!
Peppa! George!
You must take off those
muddy clothes before you eat.
I'm Mummy Pig and
this is Daddy Pig.
Are you sure?
Yes.
So, Where are Peppa and George?
We don't know.
Oh, Well, that's a shame because I've got
their favorite ice cream here.
But if We can't find them,
then...
Here We are!
Peppa! George! There you are!
Yes, Mummy, We Were just
pretending to be you and Daddy.
You really had us fooled!